I did welcome to this video so in this
video I'm going to show you how to put
your videos into - using iTunes twelve
so this video is specially made for mr.
rack so he asked me to make a video for
him do you want to know how to transfer
videos so today I will be teaching you
how to do so okay so first thing is just
as always plugging your iPhone 12 so
just don't
let's wait till it opens okay so once
it's open yeah so once it's open just go
and click on this iPhone I can over here
and watch it click on this iPhone so
call down and make sure this has a
checkmark so manually manage music and
videos make sure it's check the truth
put a checkmark beside it
if there is no checkmark you will be
able to manage your music or videos okay
so make sure just as always make sure
this is checked okay now once this check
go and click on movies right here so
once your movies as we see it we have
nothing over here and we have the movie
right here but this is the itunes movies
so what we are going to do is now we are
going to go to our movie files I have a
movie file just let me rename it
yeah so this is so I'm gonna just drag
and drop into movies right here so once
I drop it there you'll see that all this
will appear it will it's called home
videos so iPhone automatically made a
file with a playlist and you can just
add and drop files over here and once
you do that just drag and drop videos
into your iPhone okay
and please subscribe to my YouTube
channel and